One month ago, a thought popped up in my mind when I was reading a paper that whether we can use geometric perspective to uniformly represent the transition of atmospheric equation among different coordinates. I rushed to the library, borrowed some books and picked up a piece of paper from my backpack to implement it. A few days after, I managed to understand tensor analysis and applied it in p-coordinate. During this, I noticed that geopotential height can be regarded as a derivative variable of metric tensor and the simplicity of continuous equation is caused (by pretty form of determination of metric tensor in p-coordinate 没看懂这一部分). Did I discover anything new from this? No. But what excites me is that I obtain some different understandings of atmosphere. This kind of curiosity drives me to explore profound mystery of the Earth. More than that, I sincerely want to become a college faculty, so I can share those comprehensions with younger generations in the future and motivate them to discover and enjoy the beauty of meteorology as I do! In order to achieve this goal, I determined to write down these words and apply for Ph.D program in Meteorology of Florida State University for further research training. 
I would like to focus my research on tropical-extratropical interactions, especially how the climatic systems from different latitudes influence the weather and climate over subtropical region during my Ph.D study. The previous trainings have equiped me with strong background of mathematics and physics, proficiency in programing as well as English reading and writing.  In my undergraduate and graduate thesis, I acquired extensive knowledge about subtropical dynamics and developed new statistic methods to help analyze data. Besides, I have learned the theory of potential vorticity and topographic dynamics from professors and students in my current group and read numerous papers related to Tibetan Plateau, Asian monsoon, Indian Ocean, warm pool and ENSO. 
Furthermore, I am willing to discuss and share my ideas within a group, which I believe will contribute to the whole group.  Once, I wanted to find out how to determine the sample size for composite analysis (CA), so I carefully analyzed the process of CA, and eventually discovered that CA may lead to an inappropriate conclusion even though the statistic test is applied. Consequently, I modified CA by giving a reasonable weight for every member for composition and proved its statistic property better than the traditional one. These conclusions, as well as the codes of the newly developed method were immediately shared with my group. Recently, the paper was published by Atmospheric Science Letters and the codes were opened online. 
Last but not least, I have to say FSU perfectly matches my research requirement and I believe I can achieve my goal in this fantastic platform. The opportunity of accessing to the Florida Climate Center and well-orgnanized meteorological data provided by computing facilities on Tallahassee campus will be a solid ground for my research. And many scientists I know in FSU are accomplished at geophysical fluid dynamics. Among them, Dr. Zhaohua Wu is my expected mentor. His understandings about tropical dynamics and statistic method, especially EEMD, never fail to draw my attention. Moreover, I found we shared many similarities in both science and value. So I wish I can join his group and explore new understandings of the Earth in the next few years. 



