One month ago, a thought popped up in my mind that if we can use geometric perspective to uniformly represent the transition of atmospheric equation within different coordinates when I was reading a paper. So I borrowed some books from library and instantly picked out piece of paper from my backpack to try it. I learnt tensor analysis and applied it in p-coordinate after a few days. The process let me notice geopotential height can be regarded as a derivative variable of metric tensor and the simple continuous equation is caused by pretty form of determination of metric tensor in p-coordinate. Did I get any brand new discovery? Not really. But I just enjoy the moment I obtain another understanding of atmosphere from a different aspect. This kind of curiosity drives me to explore profound nature of the Earth. But it is not the end of story. I strongly want to become a faculty and share those comprehension with young generation in the future, motivating them to discover and enjoy the beauty in meteorology as I am doing now! For this goal, I determine to write down the words and apply for PhD program in Meteorology of Florida State University for further research training. 
I would like to focus on tropical-extropical interactions, especially how the climatic systems from different latitudes influence the weather and climate over subtropical region during my PhD study. I believe my academic training in the past will be a strong asset to the coming research. I made a great effort to build up my basis of methematics in college, especially methematical analysis, reflected by my transcript. And during my undergraduate thesis regarding movement of the Western Pacific subtropical high, I acquired extensive knowledge about subtropical dynamics and became proficient with analyzing data via Linux shell script, GRADS and MATLAB. Since my postgraduate academic life started, I have been paying more attention to tropical dynamics and physical oceanography, enabling me to regard annual variablity of climatic systems as a whole. Besides, I learn the theory of potential vorticity and topographic dynamics from professors and students in my current group. In my postgraduate thesis, I focus on the relationship between heating over Tibetan Plateau and Philippines Sea in summer. In the period, I have read numerious papers related to Tibetan Plateau, warm pool, Asian monsoon and ENSO. Generally speaking, the previous work equips me with strong background of mathematics and physics, proficient programing skills and experienced English reading and writing skills so that I can handle with the academic challenge in the future. 
Furthermore, I like to discuss and share my idea in a team, which I think will contribute to the improvement of the whole group.  Once I wanted to obtain some instruction from statistic theory to determine the sample size for composite analysis (CA), so I carefully analyzed the process of CA, and eventually discovered CA may lead to an inappropriate conclusion although the statistic test is applied. Consequently, I modified CA by giving a reasonable weight for every member for composition and proved its statistic property is better than the traditional one. These conclusions were inmediately shared with my group as well as the code of new method, and finally published by Atmospheric Science Letters. 
Last but not least, I have to say Florida State University pretty matches my research requirement and I believe I can achieve my purpose in this fantastic platform. The opportunity of accessing to the Florida Climate Center and well-orgnanized meteorological data provided by computing facilities on Tallahassee campus will be a strong support for my research. And we have known several scholars from FSU, and all of them have strong background of geophysics. Among them, Dr. Zhaohua Wu is close to my ideal supervisor. His understanding of tropical dynamics and statistic method, especially EEMD, never fails to draw my attention. Moreover, I found we shared many similar opinions ranging from academy to life. So I wish I can join his group and find new understanding of the Earth together in the next few years. 
