One month ago, a thought popped up in my mind that if we can use geometric perspective to uniformly represent the transition of atmospheric equation within different coordinates when I was reading a paper. So I borrowed some books from library and immediately picked out piece of paper from my backpack to try it. I learnt tensor analysis and applied it in p-coordinate after a few days. The process let me notice geopotential height can be regarded as a derivative variable of metric tensor and the simple continuous equation is caused by pretty form of determination of metric tensor in p-coordinate. Did I get some brand new discovery? Not really. But I just enjoy the moment I obtain another understanding of atmosphere from a different aspect. This kind of curiosity drives me to explore profound nature of the Earth. Now, I am interested in tropical-extropical interactions, especially how the climatic systems from different latitudes influence the weather and climate over subtropical region. Florida is a wonderful district to discover this influence, and Florida State University is an ideal platform to do such investigation owing to her distinguished resource for tropical and oceanographic study. So I determine to write down the words and apply for Phd program of Florida State University. 
I believe my academic training in the past will be a strong asset to my coming research. I made a great effort to build up my basis of methematics in college, especially methematical analysis, reflected by my transcript. And during my undergraduate thesis regarding movement of the Western Pacific subtropical high, I acquired extensive knowledge about subtropical dynamics and became proficient with analyzing data via Linux shell script, GRADS and MATLAB. Since my postgraduate academic life started, I have been paying more attention to tropical dynamics and physical oceanography, enabling me to regard annual variablity of climatic systems as a whole. Besides, I learn the theory of potential vorticity and topographic dynamics from professors and students in my current group. In my postgraduate thesis, I focus on the relationship between heating over Tibetan Plateau and Philippines Sea in summer. In the period, I have read numerious papers related to Tibetan Plateau, warm pool, Asian monsoon and ENSO. Generally speaking, the previous work equips me with strong background of mathematics and physics, proficient programing skills and experienced English reading and writing skills so that I can handle with the academic challenge in the future. 
Furthermore, I like to discuss and share my idea in a team, which I suppose will contribute to the improvement of the whole group. In my postgraduate research, since once my supervisor Anmin Duan criticized my sample size selected by an index for composite analysis (CA), I wanted to get some instruction from statistic theory to determine the sample size for CA. As a result, I carefully analyzed the process of CA, and eventually I discovered CA may lead to an inappropriate conclusion although the statistic test is applied. Consequently, I modified the traditional composite analysis by giving a reasonable weight for every member for composition and proved it functions well in many cases. These conclusions were inmediately shared with group meeting as well as the code of new method.  
